so I've seen a few videos on how to do
this I just haven't seen anybody putting
videos out there as a solution a
temporary solution to this problem so we
have a nexus 7 the broken digitizer
and if it's broken like this you don't
get any touch response in most areas I
do have a little bit somewhere in here
there it is but it's pretty worthless so
how do I get to all my files how do I
get to all things on there well I did
find out with your standard USB cable
you can plug it into your computer and
and get certain files off of it so you
can you can go that route but if you
have things you like to access from this
one what you can do is pick up a cable
for about 2 dollars and some change
it's an OTG cable it has female USB on
this side and the one to go on your
Nexus 7 on that side so plug in your
mouse in this case I have a mouse and
keyboard receiver you want to make sure
that it is awake
and then go ahead and plug in the OTG
cable and move your mouse and you'll see
a cursor pops up and from this point we
can unlock it
and you can do everything from here get
to your settings you can get to whatever
you had saved on here also played around
with it and found out you can hook a
standard or a cheap hub to it USB hub
plug it in there plug in your USB
keyboard and USB mouse if you happen to
have two separate plugins so you want to
be able to use your tablet for $2.50
rather than spend close to two hundred
something dollars on the screen there's
a way you can do it